 This notes about objects and its internal representation in Javascript:

 objects in JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of related data, of primitive or reference types, in the form of “key: value” pairs. These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, 
 respectively, in the context of an object.
 An object is a collection of properties, and a property is an association between a name (or key) and a value.
  A property's value can be a function, in which case the property is known as a method.

lets see some examples about object in Javascript:
  
     object const student = { firstName: 'ram', class: 10 };
      const person = { name: 'John', age: 20 };
       let person = { name: 'John', age: 20 }

types of object:
       As we know from the chapter Data types, there are eight data types in JavaScript. Seven of them are called “primitive”, 
       because their values contain only a single thing (be it a string or a number or whatever).

       internal representation in JavaScript:
       A JavaScript object is a collection of named values having state and behavior (properties and method)”.
        For example: Person, car, pen, bike, Personal Computer , Washing Machine etc. Take the case of cars

these are internal representation in JavaScript:

          Objects are important data types in javascript. 
          Objects are different than primitive datatypes for ecample number, string, boolean, etc. 
           Primitive data types contain one value but Objects can hold many values in form of Key: value pair.

object representation:
        
        Is the construction of a formal description of the object using features based on its shape, contour or specific region. Published in Chapter: 
        Representing Non-Rigid Objects with Neural Networks; From: Encyclopedia of Artificial Intelligence.

        In JavaScript, the textual data is stored as strings. There is no separate type for a single character.
         The internal format for strings is always UTF-16, it is not tied to the page encoding

         JavaScript sports a number of built-in objects that extend the flexibility of the language. 
         These objects are Date, Math, String, Array, and Object. 
         Several of these objects are "borrowed" from the Java language specification,
          but JavaScript's implementation of them is different.
        
objects and classes in JavaScript explain 
          Classes and Objects are basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming that revolve around real-life entities. Classes: 
            Classes were first introduced in the new version of the ES6 classes which replaced the previously used functions.
              Class is nothing but a blueprint for an object of it.


conclusion:
             An object is a reference data type. Variables that are assigned a reference value are given 
             a reference or a pointer to that value. That reference or pointer . These are the clarifications about
             the object and internal representation in javascript. here conclude by the object and internal  representation


